Replace markdown quotes with Docusaurus admonitions to match Amber Graner quote style (#368)
ublue-os/bluefin-docs: docs/t2-mac.md

1. Start by downloading the standard Laptop image of [Project Bluefin](https://projectbluefin.io/).

> :::note
> 
> Note on Dualboot: the Fedora installer (Anaconda) doesn't support a dualboot for these OCI deployments, so install on a Mac you don't need MacOS on or to a USB/Thunderbolt SSD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[Dual-boot support]

Anaconda, the installation software Bluefin uses doesn't support a dualboot for OCI deployments, so install on a Mac you don't need MacOS on or to a USB/Thunderbolt SSD.
```

:::

#### Create a Bluefin USB

Using dd, [Fedora Media Writer](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/fedora/latest/preparing-boot-media/), or similar.

#### Install Bluefin

> :::note
> 
> Note: an External keyboard and mouse are required to install Bluefin on T2 at this time, and on-boot to unlock an encrypted disk (until a command is run later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[This is madness]

An External keyboard and mouse are required to install Bluefin on T2 at this time, and on-boot to unlock an encrypted disk (until a command is run later).
```
